## AM은 무엇인가
AM은 프로그램 실행환경에서 data connection model을 제공한다. 
AM당 한개의 connection을 제공한다. 
An Application Module provides a logical container for a data model represented by View Objects and View 

### Useful Application Module Methods

다음의 메소드들은 AM을 사용하는 경우 자주 사용되는 methods 들이다. 

- createViewObject
- findViewObject
- createViewObjectFromQueryStmt
- findViewLink
- remove

## EO란 무엇인가

database 내의 table의 entity에 대한 object를 의미한다. 여기서 table은 한개 혹은 여러개일 수 있다. 

When you use a Business Components for Java wizard to create entity objects from existing tables, each database table becomes an entity object. Each column in the database table becomes an entity object attribute, which can have the same name as the column or a different name that is more meaningful to your business application. The attributes of an entity object store data type information as specified in the database table they were derived from, including primary and foreign key relationships, the number of characters allowed, precision and scale specifications, and object REFs.

An entity object can have an attribute for each column or you can use a subset, for example, if you don't need to work with that column or if a table contains information for more than one entity.

You can use Business Components for Java wizards to define entity objects, and their attributes, without starting with an existing database table. When you use a wizard to generate database tables from the entity objects, each entity object becomes a table and each entity attribute becomes a table column.

## 참고자료

- [What Is an Application Module](https://docs.oracle.com/cd/A97335_02/apps.102/bc4j/developing_bc_projects/bc_awhatisanapplicationmodule.htm)
- [What Is an Entity Object?](https://docs.oracle.com/cd/A97335_02/apps.102/bc4j/developing_bc_projects/bc_awhatisaneo.htm)